what's up guys how you were doing so I'm
so sorry that I haven't done any vlogs
or videos or tweeted much this week I've
been underwhelmed with the most horrible
man flu of all time and few girls that
are watching you have no idea how bad
the man flu is but for us guys we all
know is bloody horrific so I'm literally
out of bed for the first day today in
about a week and I'm so sorry guys for
missing out on all the videos but well
tough really because I will
seriously a mess in bed now whatever got
fuses I i have got another geeky
unboxing now you guys might be looking
at this video and thinking it's bloody
dark in there why is that I'm sitting in
the dark now there's a good reason for
this and in fact this is kind of a funny
one because someone actually tweeted
this out during the week and I'd already
bought it so you know someone's catching
up with my game here with these kind of
geeky Apple products but there's a very
good reason why it's dark in here as you
guys know I'm normally like mr. lights
alive because it gives the good video
quality but today we need mr. lights out
so this is what it is in here now I pick
this up from ebay and it was 25 pounds
and which is probably a bit too much
actually for this but when I saw it a
couple of weeks ago I just thought this
is going to look sweet in my new set up
and let's get straight into these guys
and show you what this is now I'm just
going to lean over here oh and we've got
the alien glow and some of you may
already know what this is because some
of you were involved in the tweet where
people kind of said about this but I
already got it and here we go guys how
cool is that
pretty sweet eh so it's basically a
little finger hang up on your wall and
it's got obviously the apple logo with
the Steve Jobs kind of face imbedded in
the side of it and you can't see it that
clear on the camera I don't think but it
does light up like a really really
bright blue and it's going to look sweet
kind of hanging just on the wall
somewhere so i really really love in
this guy's like i say you can grab this
a thing for about 25 pounds from
hamilton from ebay sorry my bad and yeah
I love it I think it's great and I think
that he's going to look really cool in
the middle of a kind of office Apple II
studio type setup then we just chat some
lights on just to finish this off video
is going to go all weird it looks like
I'm in a ball of fire but anyway anyway
guys that's it for me like I say big
apologies for no videos this week I am
back on the case as from now another one
should be rocking up on the main channel
in a few minutes a review of an as box
and then don't forget as well tomorrow
we've got the AJ show me and Jodi trying
to make you guys laugh and answering a
few questions as well so don't miss out
on that one have a great weekend guys
i'm off to dollhouse tonight in london
for a night out and i will see you all
in the next video see ya